trucks carrying food medicine and fuel
are on their way to
Gaza these supplies are crucial for a
population Shattered by War and a
yearslong Siege imposed by Israel but
the future of Aid hangs by a
thread a collapsing Talks brokered by
Qatar may see an end to the much needed
Aid flowing into Gaza Israel says it's
open for an extension of the current
ceasefire agreement but in assists its
war against Hamas is far from
over campaign to end Hamas and bring our
hostages home will resume immediately
with the end of the hostage release
pause I'm not going to speculate
obviously about the exact operational
movements of our troops and the
continuation of that strategy but Hamas
is on notice that option for an
extension is open we want to receive
another additional 50 hostages uh Beyond
tonight on our way to Bringing everyone
home Hamas says it's willing to extend
the 4 day ceasefire but remains
skeptical of Israel's next steps the
armed group that controls Gaza wants
assurances a deal will result in a
permanent
ceasefire we want to see the release of
more Israeli civilian women and children
despite the crimes committed by their
state their government and their
murderous Army if we locate more of them
held in Gaza we will notify the
concerned parties to have the truce
extended for a day or
[Applause]
more the United States Qatar and Egypt
are the main mediators in the deal but
it's Qatar which has played a crucial
role in bringing Hamas and Israel to
agree on a
ceasefire this is the operations room in
Doha the focal point of the Qatar
remediation this is where negotiators
maintain direct lines of Comm
communication with Hamas and Israel and
monitor the implementation of the deal a
small progress is celebrated as a
crucial step that can build momentum
towards a longl lasting comprehensive
deal Hashim albar Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer